the song I'm about to do is incredibly
special for someone many years ago when
I was John's best man he came to me in
the asked if I could help from do some
really special for his first answer his
wife so he stepped down together me
write this song and I'll go up and
something and I know I'm lie singer by a
long shot but the thing is sometimes
things don't have to be perfect to be
perfect and this was perfect for them
and he's asked to do it but
before I do I just can't take up six
inside a few things because every time I
go to say anything to join you or say to
me or leave it now or you know don't
worry about it and I by just went and I
may live we thought you might be so
proud to be your friend you've got more
dignity and you little think of my the
most people ever have in their whole
large my and now and I'm really sorry
about some of the years we've missed
maybe because like I said to you I'm
sure when it made half and mistakes I
have if you'd have been around like
because you always knew when the pool be
back in it and went to other words when
I was being out of order and things like
that might you know and it takes someone
incredibly special to do that and you
are my usual you really are why that's a
softy better way am I gonna just get on
with his own now and I hope I do it how
you like it John you know I really don't
like bye ok sorry tomorrow remember
head in my hands I fall to the floor and
I watching you stand walk out the door
and I tried to absorb what you just said
but it's not an L racing round in my
head
oh did I hear you right
did you just agree please say I heard
you right then you'd marry me
just become my best day my luck changed
at last I finally see future to help me
forget the past oh it's a long night for
me because I don't think I'll sleep I
wanna scream out to the world but I just
can't speak can't believe on these happy
can't believe that it's true
can't believe on this lucky
believe I found you
and you walk back in the room might is a
flow
so I wrap you in my arms I never let you
go I'll love you forever
you always have my heart you'll always
be my first ball and if we're apart oh
it's a long night he has I don't think
I'll sneak one scream out to the world
but I just can't speak can't believe I'm
this happy can't believe that is true
can't believe I'm this lucky can't
believe I found you never said how I
love you
never said how I love you I said how I
loved you
see how I love oh how i do right there
you go John I hope anybody watches this
liked it you're an amazing person job
you really are but and um you mean the
world to me my really date why I see you
later take it easy by